---
title: Características de cumplimiento y seguridad en archivado de Exchange Online
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7482322a-39fe-4a99-b29c-63cb1bc3cf1f
ms.openlocfilehash: b03c74e0c760cf22c12e6973a544553d119471fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132744"
---
# <a name="compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-102">Características de cumplimiento y seguridad en archivado de Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-102">Compliance and security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

## <a name="compliance-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-103">Características de cumplimiento en Archivado de Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-103">Compliance features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-104">En las siguientes secciones se describen las características de cumplimiento de Archivado de Exchange Online (EOP) de Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-104">The following sections describe the compliance features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="retention-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-105">Directivas de retención</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-105">Retention policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-106">Archivado de Exchange Online ofrece directivas de retención para ayudar a las organizaciones a reducir las responsabilidades asociadas con el correo electrónico y otras comunicaciones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-106">Exchange Online Archiving offers retention policies to help organizations reduce the liabilities associated with email and other communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-107">Con estas directivas, los administradores pueden aplicar la configuración de retención a carpetas específicas de los buzones de los usuarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-107">With these policies, administrators can apply retention settings to specific folders in users' inboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-108">Los administradores también pueden proporcionar a los usuarios un menú de directivas de retención y permitirles aplicar las directivas a elementos, conversaciones o carpetas específicos mediante Outlook 2010 o versiones posteriores o Outlook en la Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-108">Administrators can also give users a menu of retention policies and let them apply the policies to specific items, conversations, or folders using Outlook 2010 or later or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-109">En Archivado de Exchange Online, los administradores administran políticas de retención desde la infraestructura local.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-109">In Exchange Online Archiving, administrators manage retention policies from the on-premises infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-113">Con Outlook 2010 y versiones posteriores y Outlook en la web, los usuarios pueden aplicar directivas de retención a carpetas, conversaciones o mensajes individuales y también pueden ver las directivas de retención aplicadas y las fechas de eliminación esperadas en los mensajes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-113">With Outlook 2010 and later and Outlook on the web, users can apply retention policies to folders, conversations, or individual messages and can also view the applied retention policies and expected deletion dates on messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-114">Los usuarios de otros clientes de correo electrónico pueden eliminar o archivar los mensajes conforme a las directivas de retención que les suministren los administradores, aunque no disfrutarán del mismo grado de visibilidad y control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-114">Users of other email clients can have email deleted or archived based on server-side retention policies provisioned by the administrator, but they do not have the same level of visibility and control.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span></span>
  
### <a name="in-place-hold-and-litigation-hold"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-119">Retención local y retención por juicio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-119">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-123">En Exchange Online, puede usar la retención local o por juicio para realizar las tareas siguientes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-123">In Exchange Online, you can use In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold to accomplish the following goals:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-124">Permitir que los usuarios se marquen como suspendidos y preservar los elementos del buzón inalterados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-124">Enable users to be placed on hold and preserve mailbox items immutably</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-125">Preservar los elementos de buzón eliminados por los usuarios o por procesos de supresión automática como MRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-125">Preserve mailbox items deleted by users or automatic deletion processes such as MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-126">Guardar una copia de los elementos originales de un buzón para protegerlos frente a alteraciones, cambios de los usuarios o procesos automáticos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-126">Protect mailbox items from tampering, changes by a user, or automatic processes by saving a copy of the original item</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-127">Preservar elementos indefinidamente o durante un tiempo concreto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-127">Preserve items indefinitely or for a specific duration</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-128">Mantener activa la administración MRM de modo que las retenciones resulten transparentes para el usuario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-128">Keep holds transparent from the user by not having to suspend MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-129">Usar la exhibición de documentos electrónicos local para buscar elementos del buzón, incluidos los que se encuentran en retención.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-129">Use In-Place eDiscovery to search mailbox items, including items placed on hold</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-130">También puede usar la retención local para:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-130">Additionally, you can use In-Place Hold to:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-131">Buscar y retener elementos que cumplan los criterios especificados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-131">Search and hold items matching specified criteria</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-132">Establecer varias retenciones locales para un usuario conforme a distintos casos o investigaciones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-132">Place a user on multiple In-Place Holds for different cases or investigations</span></span>
    
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-133">Si coloca un buzón en Conservación local o retención por juicio, la conservación o retención se aplica al buzón principal y al buzón de archivo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-133">When you put a mailbox on In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold, the hold is placed on both the primary and the archive mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-134">Para obtener más información, vea [Conservación local y retención por juicio](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-134">For more information, see [In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-135">La cuota predeterminada de la carpeta Elementos recuperables es de 100 GB para los usuarios de Archivado de Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-135">The default quota for the Recoverable Items Folder is 100 GB for Exchange Online Archiving users.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="in-place-ediscovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-136">Exhibición de documentos electrónicos en contexto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-136">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span></span> 
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span></span>
  
## <a name="security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-156">Características de seguridad de Archivado de Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-156">Security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-157">En las siguientes secciones se describen las características de seguridad de Archivado de Exchange Online de Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-157">The following sections describe the security features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encryption-between-on-premises-servers-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-158">Cifrado entre servidores locales y el Archivado de Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-158">Encryption between on-premises servers and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-159">Se utiliza TLS para cifrar la conexión entre servidores de correo electrónico a fin de prevenir la suplantación de identidad y proporcionar confidencialidad a los mensajes en tránsito.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-159">TLS is used to encrypt the connection between email servers to help prevent spoofing and provide confidentiality for messages in transit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-160">TLS también se usa para proteger el tráfico del servidor de correo local a los centros de recursos de Microsoft para el archivado de Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-160">TLS is also used for securing on-premises mail server traffic to Microsoft datacenters for Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encrypting-between-clients-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-161">Cifrado entre clientes y el Archivado de Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-161">Encrypting between clients and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-162">Las conexiones cliente a Archivado de Exchange Online utilizan los siguientes métodos de cifrado para mejorar la seguridad:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-162">Client connections to Exchange Online Archiving use the following encryption methods to enhance security:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-163">SSL se usa para proteger Outlook, Outlook en la web y el tráfico de los servicios Web de Exchange mediante el puerto TCP 443.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-163">SSL is used for securing Outlook, Outlook on the web, and Exchange Web Services traffic, using TCP port 443.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-164">Las conexiones cliente a los servidores locales no cambian con la presentación de Archivado de Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-164">Client connections to on-premises servers do not change with the introduction of Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
    
### <a name="encryption-smime-and-pgp"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-165">Cifrado: S/MIME y PGP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-165">Encryption: S/MIME and PGP</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-168">De manera similar, Archivado de Exchange Online almacenará mensajes cifrados usando soluciones de terceros del lado cliente, como Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-168">Similarly, Exchange Online Archiving will store messages that are encrypted using client-side, third-party encryption solutions such as Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span></span>
  
### <a name="information-rights-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-169">Information Rights Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-169">Information Rights Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="support-for-irm-in-outlook-on-the-web"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-173">Compatibilidad con IRM en Outlook en la web</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-173">Support for IRM in Outlook on the web</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-174">Los usuarios pueden leer y crear mensajes protegidos con IRM de forma nativa en Outlook en la web, tal y como pueden hacerlo en Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-174">Users can read and create IRM-protected messages natively in Outlook on the web, just as they can in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-175">Se puede tener acceso a los mensajes protegidos con IRM en Outlook en la web a través de Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari y Chrome (sin necesidad de un complemento).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-175">IRM-protected messages in Outlook on the web can be accessed through Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome (with no plug-in required).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-176">Los mensajes incluyen la búsqueda de texto completo, la vista de conversaciones y el panel de vista previa.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-176">The messages include full-text search, conversation view, and the preview pane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-177">La interoperabilidad entre el servidor de Servicios de administración de Active Directory y el entorno Exchange local se debe configurar para habilitar esta posibilidad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-177">Interoperability between the Active Directory Rights Management Services server and the on-premises Exchange environment must be configured to enable this.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="irm-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-178">Búsqueda de IRM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-178">IRM search</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-179">Los mensajes protegidos con IRM están indizados y permiten realizar búsquedas, incluidos los encabezados, el asunto y los datos adjuntos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-179">IRM-protected messages are indexed and searchable, including headers, subject, body, and attachments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-180">Los usuarios pueden buscar elementos protegidos por IRM en Outlook y Outlook en la web, y los administradores pueden buscar elementos protegidos con IRM mediante la exhibición de documentos electrónicos local o el cmdlet **Search-Mailbox** .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-180">Users can search IRM-protected items in Outlook and Outlook on the web, and administrators can search IRM-protected items by using In-Place eDiscovery or the **Search-Mailbox** cmdlet.</span></span>
  
### <a name="auditing"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-181">Auditoría</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-181">Auditing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-182">Archivado de Exchange Online proporciona dos tipos de capacidades de auditoría integradas:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-182">Exchange Online Archiving provides two types of built-in auditing capabilities:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-183">**Registro de auditoría de administradores** El registro de auditoría de administradores permite a los clientes realizar un seguimiento de los cambios realizados por parte de sus administradores en el entorno de Archivado de Exchange Online, incluidos los cambios en los roles de RBAC o en las directivas y la configuración de Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-183">**Administrator audit logging** Administrator audit logging allows customers to track changes made by their administrators in the Exchange Online Archiving environment, including changes to RBAC roles or Exchange policies and settings.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="840e9-184">**Registro de auditoría de buzones** El registro de auditoría de buzones permite que los clientes lleven un seguimiento del acceso a los buzones por parte de usuarios que no sean el propietario del buzón en cuestión.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-184">**Mailbox audit logging** Mailbox audit logging allows customers to track access to mailboxes by users other than the mailbox owner.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="840e9-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="840e9-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="840e9-190">Disponibilidad de características</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-190">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="840e9-191">Para ver la disponibilidad de características entre planes, las opciones independientes y las soluciones locales, consulte [Descripción del servicio de archivado de Exchange Online](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="840e9-191">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premise solutions, see [Exchange Online Archiving service description](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

